#Oliver's Reflection:

In reflection of this task, I think Connor and I did very well in the design and the function of the game. In terms of the requirements, I think that we could've tried a bit more to stick to the task a bit more, especially with things like charachter customisation and enemy movements on the screen - they were not to the best. However the customised features I think is where we excelled in. With Connor's random map generation and complex combat system and My own inventory/quest/market system and a very efficient save system. I think the task really helped me understand the effort put behind how RPG games like pokemon or final fantasy are made. In terms of the structure of the code itself, I think that javascript was a good choice as it worked much more efficientl and we were able to take advantage of expressJS and jquery as well. The identifiers and function names used could've done with some better work and there are points in the file where indentation lacks, however the overall organisation of the code is quite clean with a (kind-of) modular set of functions and processes (updateInvent is a good example, it is very easy to add extra bit of code to make new staging work, although the presets could've change a bit more). Testing the solution went well, I think that the solution was properly tested with maybe a few minor errors that weren't picked up in the tests we did.

#Connor's Reflection:

I believe that me and Oliver preformed well in the task however I believe if we required more of a directive vision and more communications between us. This was my first project using nodejs and completely using javascript so I learned how to use it and I believe my skills improved over the course of the project. I learnt about javascript libraries and how to use them. I found the hardest part of the task was merging as we would often branch off and then have to come back together with completely different code. This could of been improved with a distinct planing phase however made difficult due to Ollie's out of control absence in the beginning of the project. Overall It was a fun project that taught me the difficulties and advantages of working in groups and I believe we achieved a lot.
